Add unmaintained advisory for lmdb (#1142)
rustsec/advisory-db: crates/lmdb/RUSTSEC-0000-0000.md

```toml
[advisory]
id = "RUSTSEC-0000-0000"
package = "lmdb"
date = "2022-01-05"
url = "https://github.com/danburkert/lmdb-rs"
informational = "unmaintained"
[versions]
patched = []
```

# lmdb is unmaintained, use lmdb-rkv instead

> The lmdb crate hasn't had any updates since August 2018, which caused mozilla to fork it and release their own crate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lmdb crate hasn't had any updates since August 2018.

Mozilla's [lmdb-rkv](https://github.com/mozilla/lmdb-rs) fork of the crate has received additional maintenance work beyond that and is the best available replacement.
```
